Feat/safe transfer (#1347)
kadena-community/kadena.js: .changeset/wild-pets-deliver.md

---
'@kadena/client-utils': minor
---

> Added safeTransfer which needs both sender and receiver signs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
add safeTransfer which requires both sender and receiver to sign
```
